{\rtf1\ansi\deff14
\sectd \ftnbj {\fonttbl{\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f14\fswiss Arial;}{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f61\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f62\fswiss Helv;}{\f64\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0 Base;}{\s1\f4\fs20\li115\sb80\sa80\sbasedon2\snext1 *Intro;}{\s3\fs36\snext3 Banner Base;}{\s4\fs12\li-144\sbasedon3\snext4 Button Bar;}{\s5\li360\fi-360\tx360\sbasedon0\snext5 List1;}{\s6\li720\fi-360\tx720\sbasedon0\snext6 List2;}{\s7\li1080\fi-360\tx1080\sbasedon0\snext7 List3;}{\s8\f4\fs20\li360\fi-259\sb40\sa40\tx360\sbasedon2\snext8 Ln1;}{\s2\f16\fs20\snext2 Normal;}}\pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Paste Link command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_PASTE_LINK}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Paste Link command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write a topic here that talks about the kinds of objects you expect users to embed in your application's documents. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Links command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_OLE_EDIT_LINKS}
{\up K}{\footnote K objects: embedding}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Links command (Edit menu)}\par 
\pard\s1 {\plain\f62\fs20\b \par 
}{\plain\f4\fs20 Use this command to display a  }{\uldb {\f4\fs20 Links dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_EDITLINKS}{\plain\f4\fs20  which lets you edit links between your document and other documents.}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f16\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s1 {\plain\f4\fs20 }{\plain\f4\fs20 This command is unavailable if you have no links in your document.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f16\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Links dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_EDITLINKS}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Links dialog box}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Links dialog box. >>}\par\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Object verb}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_OLE_VERB_1}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Object verb (Edit menu)}{\plain\f62\fs20  \par 
\par 
<< Write a topic here that discusses Object verb. >>\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Mouse:\tab Double-click the object with the left mouse button.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Insert Object command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_OLE_INSERT_NEW}
{\up K}{\footnote K objects: embedding}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Insert New Object command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 Inserts and embeds an object, such as a chart or an equation in a document. The application in which the object was created becomes active on the screen.\par 
\par 
(This option not working in version 2.0).}{\plain\f62\fs20 }\par\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Insert new object dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_INSERTOBJECT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Insert New Object dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Insert New Object dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Change icon dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_CHANGEICON}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Change Icon dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Change Icon dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Convert dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_CONVERT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Convert dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Convert dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Paste Special dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PASTESPECIAL}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Paste Special dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Paste Special dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
\par 
                                   \par 
 \par 
}\page }