{\rtf1\ansi\deff14
\sectd \ftnbj {\fonttbl{\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f14\fswiss Arial;}{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f61\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f62\fswiss Helv;}{\f64\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0 Base;}{\s1\f4\fs20\li115\sb80\sa80\sbasedon2\snext1 *Intro;}{\s3\fs36\snext3 Banner Base;}{\s4\fs12\li-144\sbasedon3\snext4 Button Bar;}{\s5\li360\fi-360\tx360\sbasedon0\snext5 List1;}{\s6\li720\fi-360\tx720\sbasedon0\snext6 List2;}{\s7\li1080\fi-360\tx1080\sbasedon0\snext7 List3;}{\s8\f4\fs20\li360\fi-259\sb40\sa40\tx360\sbasedon2\snext8 Ln1;}{\s2\f16\fs20\snext2 Normal;}}\pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Print command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PRINT}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 Use this command to print a document.   This command presents a }{\uldb {\f62\fs20 Print dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_PRINT}{\plain\f62\fs20 , where you may specify the range of pages to be printed, the number of copies, the destination printer, and other printer setup options.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc FILEPRNT.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+P}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Print dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PRINT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 The following options allow you to specify how the document should be printed:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Printer}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 This is the active printer and printer connection.  Choose the Setup option to change the printer and printer connection.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Setup}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Displays a }{\uldb {\f62\fs20 Print Setup dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_PRINTSETUP}{\plain\f62\fs20 , so  you can select a printer and printer connection.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Range}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Specify the pages you want to print:}\par\trowd\trleft402\trgaph108\cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b All\cell }{\plain\f62\fs20 Prints the entire document.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft402\trgaph108\cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Selection\cell }{\plain\f62\fs20 Prints the currently selected text.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft402\trgaph108\cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Pages\cell }{\plain\f62\fs20 Prints the range of pages you specify in the From and To boxes.}\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Copies}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Specify the number of copies you want to print for the above page range.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Collate Copies}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Prints copies in page number order, instead of separated multiple copies of each page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Quality}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Select the quality of the printing.  Generally, lower quality printing takes less time to produce.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Print Progress Dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PRINTDLG}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Progress Dialog\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 The Printing dialog box is shown during the time that SeisWide is sending output to the printer.  The page number indicates the progress of the printing.\par 
\par 
To abort printing, choose Cancel.\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Print Preview command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Preview command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 Use this command to display the active document as it would appear when printed.  When you choose this command, the main window will be replaced with a print preview window in which one or two pages will be displayed in their printed format.  The }{\uldb {\f62\fs20 print preview toolbar}}{\v AFX_HIDW_PREVIEW_BAR}{\plain\f62\fs20  offers you options to view either one or two pages at a time; move back and forth through the document; zoom in and out of pages; and initiate a print job.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ print preview toolbar}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDW_PREVIEW_BAR}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Preview toolbar\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 The print preview toolbar offers you the following options:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Bring up the print dialog box, to start a print job.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Next Page}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Preview the next printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Prev Page}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Preview the previous printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b One Page / Two Page}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Preview one or two printed pages at a time.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Zoom In}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Take a closer look at the printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Zoom Out}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Take a larger look at the printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Close}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Return from print preview to the editing window.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Print Setup command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PRINT_SETUP}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Setup command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 Use this command to select a printer and a printer connection.  This command presents a }{\uldb {\f62\fs20 Print Setup dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_PRINTSETUP}{\plain\f62\fs20 , where you specify the printer and its connection.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Print Setup dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PRINTSETUP}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Print Setup dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 The following options allow you to select the destination printer and its connection.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Printer}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Select the printer you want to use.  Choose the Default Printer; or choose the Specific Printer option and select one of the current installed printers shown in the box.  You install printers and configure ports using the Windows Control Panel. }\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Orientation}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Choose Portrait or Landscape.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Paper Size}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Select the size of paper that the document is to be printed on.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Paper Source}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Some printers offer multiple trays for different paper sources.  Specify the tray here.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Options}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Displays a dialog box where you can make additional choices about printing, specific to the type of printer you have selected.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }{\plain\f62\fs20\b Network...}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20\b }{\plain\f62\fs20 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f62\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Page Setup Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PAGE_SETUP}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f62\fs20\b Page Setup command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f62\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f62\fs20 }\page }