{\rtf1\ansi\deff12
\sectd \ftnbj {\fonttbl{\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\fswiss Arial;}{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f18\froman Symbol;}{\f80\fswiss Helv;}{\f82\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0 Base;}{\s1\f4\fs20\li115\sb80\sa80\sbasedon2\snext1 *Intro;}{\s3\fs36\snext3 Banner Base;}{\s4\fs12\li-144\sbasedon3\snext4 Button Bar;}{\s5\li360\fi-360\tx360\sbasedon0\snext5 List1;}{\s6\li720\fi-360\tx720\sbasedon0\snext6 List2;}{\s7\li1080\fi-360\tx1080\sbasedon0\snext7 List3;}{\s8\f4\fs20\li360\fi-259\sb40\sa40\tx360\sbasedon2\snext8 Ln1;}{\s2\f16\fs20\snext2 Normal;}}\pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ 1, 2, ... command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_ALL}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b 1, 2, ... command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 SeisWide displays a list of currently open document windows at the bottom of the Window menu.  A check mark appears in front of the document name of the active window.  Choose a document from this list to make its window active.  \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ About command (Help menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_APP_ABOUT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b About command (Help menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of SeisWide.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Cascade command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_CASCADE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Cascade command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in an overlapped fashion. \par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Change icon dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_CHANGEICON}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Change Icon dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Change Icon dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Choose Color Dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_COLOR}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Choose Color dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Choose Font Dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_FONT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Choose Font dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Close command (Control menus)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_CLOSE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Close command (Control menus)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.\par 
\par 
Double-clicking a Control-menu box is the same as choosing the Close command.\par 
\{bml APPEXIT.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
Note:  If you have multiple windows open for a single document, the Close command on the document Control menu closes only one window at a time.  You can close all windows at once with the Close command on the File menu.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Keys: \tab CTRL+F4 closes a document window\par 
\tab ALT+F4 closes the <<YourType>> window or dialog box}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \tab \tab \tab \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Convert dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_CONVERT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Convert dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Convert dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Copy command (Edit menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_COPY}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Copy command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to copy selected data onto the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.\par 
\par 
Copying data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc EDITCOPY.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+C}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Cut command (Edit menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_CUT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Cut command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to remove the currently selected data from the document and put it on the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.\par 
\par 
Cutting data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc EDITCUT.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+X}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Digitize menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_digitize}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Digitize menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The Digitize menu offers digitizing capacity for varying seismic events or travel-time curves. The output will be stored in ascii format in a file, ready for input into Collin Zelt\'92s program. This menu includes following commands:\par 
}\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2160\cellx9450 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Start Digitize\cell Start digitizing using mouse. All digitizing activities have to start from here, and end in Finish digitizing in the end of this menu.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2160\cellx9450 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 New Curve\cell To mark the end of a curve and start digitizing a new curve, click here.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2160\cellx9450 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Save Digitize\par 
\cell  Save digitized curves in a file.  You can still continue digitize as if no saving happened.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2160\cellx9450 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Finish Digitize\cell Finish digitizing curves and clears all digitized information in memory. This operation is necessary before doing other jobs simply to avoid incorrectly displaying mouse-clicked points.}\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Clear All}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_CLEAR_ALL}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Clear All command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Clear Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_CLEAR}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Clear command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Find Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_FIND}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Find command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Links command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_OLE_EDIT_LINKS}
{\up K}{\footnote K objects: embedding}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Links command (Edit menu)}\par 
\pard\s1 {\plain\f80\fs20\b \par 
}{\plain\f4\fs20 Use this command to display a  }{\uldb {\f4\fs20 Links dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_EDITLINKS}{\plain\f4\fs20  which lets you edit links between your document and other documents.}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f16\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s1 {\plain\f4\fs20 }{\plain\f4\fs20 This command is unavailable if you have no links in your document.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f16\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Nodes}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HOWTOEDITNODES}
{\up K}{\footnote K Edit Nodes}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Edit Nodes\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Node editing operations frequently use the toolbar buttons   All these buttons do different, though similar, actions depending on whether you are in Editing Boundary mode or in Editing Velocity mode (see }{\ul {\f80\fs20 Edit menu}}{\v menu_edit}{\plain\f80\fs20 )\par 
\par 
\{bmc FH330184.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Pick or Update}{\plain\f80\fs20 :  Use this button to pick a new boundary for editing if you are editing boundary, or to pick a new velocity layer if you are editing velocity.  If it gets difficult to pick the right boundary, especially when complicated nodes clustered together, try to use mouse to click close to a particular node on that boundary, or use }{\ul {\f80\fs20 view}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20  to zoom up a smaller area to ease choosing. The selected boundary will be marked by a green solid line connecting blue nodes on that boundary, while other un-selected boundaries are marked by black lines connecting green nodes.  These nodes will not be connected for boundaries that have segments going out of the screen.  For picking a particular layer, you'll see that there are only two lines marking the upper and lower bounds of your selected layer   Since you can only select one such interface  to edit, this selected interface is marked by red line while the other by black line.  It can sometimes be tricky to pick the right interface of a particular layer in case of complicated model.  But you can always overcome this by (1) Choose nodes away from the clustered part but on the same interface, and click close to these nodes but within your desired layer (if you accidentally clicked close to the same node but from another adjacent layer, you will see different interfaces appear marking a different layer); (2)  use }{\ul {\f80\fs20 view}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20  to zoom up a smaller area to ease choosing.\par 
\par 
This button can also serve as updating your screen in case your screen does not update itself during some kinds of modeling editing operations.  Selecting }{\plain\f80\fs20\ul Pick or Update}{\plain\f80\fs20  button will remove the locking for re-painting the screen.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Delete Node}{\plain\f80\fs20 : Use this button to delete a boundary node or a velocity node.  Please node that SeisWide can not UNDO this action, so if you choose this tool, and click on a node, you have deleted that node permanently.  So be careful here and save your model frequently!\par 
\par 
After you have selected the }{\plain\f80\fs20\ul Delete Node}{\plain\f80\fs20  in velocity editing mode, please make sure you have selected the right interface (marked by red line) of the right layer before clicking anywhere inside the model. The program will react to your mouse clicks by looking for the most likely nodes to delete, even if your mouse click is \'93unrealistically\'94 far away from your selection.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Edit/Move Node:}{\plain\f80\fs20  Use this button to edit }{\plain\f80\fs20\b existing}{\plain\f80\fs20  nodes.  In boundary editing mode, this includes moving a node and the screen will stop re-painting even after other windows cover the SeisWide screen.  This is useful when you are editing your model overlain with a depth section, because it will be unnecessary to refresh the complicated screen for every mouse clicks.  In velocity editing mode, however, the screen has to be refreshed for any velocity change at the mouse clicks.  Clicking on any node will pop up a dialog box asking you to change the existing velocity value; The dialog box also includes other un-editable information: the layer number of your selection, and X and Y coordinates for mouse-up point in km.\par 
\par 
This button, and a following button }{\plain\f80\fs20\ul Add Node}{\plain\f80\fs20 , are also useful in knowing the velocity value of a node, and also for knowing the X and Y coordinates of a point in the screen (in fact, that is the only way by which you can know where exactly you have clicked your mouse in the velocity model).\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Add Node:}{\plain\f80\fs20  This button enables your mouse clicks to add nodes.  In boundary editing mode, mouse clicks on a selected boundary (marked by nodes turning blue from green) is followed by red points (which will be added nodes) with screen refreshing turned off.  In velocity editing mode, mouse clicks on a selected interface (marked by red line) of a layer are followed by a dialog box which asks you to change the velocity at those points.\par 
\par 
This button, and a preceding button }{\plain\f80\fs20\ul Edit Node}{\plain\f80\fs20 , are also useful in knowing the velocity value of a node, and also for knowing the X and Y coordinates of a point in the screen (in fact, that is the only way by which you can know where exactly you have clicked your mouse in the velocity model).\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Duplicate Boundary:}{\plain\f80\fs20  Only used in editting boundaries.  Clicking on it will pop up a message informing you that duplicated boundary will cover the existing selected one, making it visually difficult to distinquish between the two overlaped boundaries. You can select "Cancel" to cancel the operation.  This function is useful when you only want to add a layer in a small part of the model.  Remember that raytracing programs require that every boundary must extend from the leftmost to the rightmost of the model.  Therefore, you can duplicate a boundary and then move a few nodes on the new boundary to simulate inserting of a new layer.\par 
Note that after this duplication, the new boundary is automatically selected for you to edit, and try not to leave duplicated boundaries intact while saving the model to avoid visual ambiguity.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Insert Layer:}{\plain\f80\fs20   This button can only be used in velocity editing mode.  In that mode, first make sure you have selected a layer, then clicking this button will bring up a dialog box prompting average velocity for you to reference.  In most cases, you just need to click OK without changing anything here; you can always later change your model using other buttons.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Delete Layer:}{\plain\f80\fs20   Clicking this button prompts you to delete a selected boundary or a selected layer. Please node that SeisWide can not UNDO this action, so if you choose this tool, and click on a boundary or a layer, you have deleted that object permanently.  So be careful here and save your model frequently!\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul New Model:}{\plain\f80\fs20   Clicking this button will pop up a dialog box prompting you for information about a new velocity model.  If you click OK here, all existing velocity information in memory will be erased (your existing velocity file on disk will be ok, of course).  You specify number of layers (if not sure, just use default values; you can always add or delete later on), minimum and maximum distance (note: negative distance is not supported for modeling in SeisWide; minimum and maximum distance can not be changed later on within SeisWide although you can always output the model in Zelt\'92s ascii text format and change from there), and maximum depth for your model (Earth surface is always assumed to be at 0 km depth).  \par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Save Velocity:}{\plain\f80\fs20   Clicking this button will save the velocity information to existing file (make sure you have already set a file name in }{\plain\f80\fs20\ul Save Velocity as}{\plain\f80\fs20  or in the combined parameter list from the }{\ul {\f80\fs20 view}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20  menu).\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b\ul Save Velocity as:}{\plain\f80\fs20  Clicking this button will pop up a dialog box prompting for a file name to hold the velocity mode.  You can use BROWSE to select a name.  Note: use BROWSE to change directory from here is not a wise action, because you will change the }{\plain\f80\fs20\b current directory}{\plain\f80\fs20  for the active document, and if some of the parameters of this document are not associated with paths, the program may complain about not finding a particular file which it used to be able to find.\par 
\par 
There are two radio buttons to select from this dialog box.  SeisWide internal binary format represents the binary format that SeisWide adopts for storing velocity data.  The other radio button is for Zelt\'92s ascii format and on clicking OK the velocity data in this ascii format will be shown automatically to NotePad in front of your eyes.  You will notice that an extension of .IN is added to whatever file name you have specified.\par 
\par 
Also note that if you close your active document without saving its velocity data first, this data will be permanently lost, and the program provides no warning about this (SeisWide only detects and prompts any unsaved information for the active .SEI document before closing).\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Repeat Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_REPEAT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Repeat command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to repeat the last editing command carried out.  The Repeat menu item changes to Can't Repeat if you cannot repeat your last action.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Key:\tab F4}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Replace Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_REPLACE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Replace command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_edit}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Edit menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The Edit menu offers the following commands:}\par 
\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Undo}}{\v HID_EDIT_UNDO}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Reverse previous editing operation. Note: Not working in the present version.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Cut}}{\v HID_EDIT_CUT}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Deletes data from the document and moves it to the clipboard. Note: Not working in the present version.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Copy}}{\v HID_EDIT_COPY}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Copies data from the document to the clipboard.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Paste}}{\v HID_EDIT_PASTE}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Pastes data from the clipboard into the document. }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Paste Link}}{\v HID_EDIT_PASTE_LINK}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Pastes from the clipboard a link to data in another application. Note: Not working in the present version.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Insert New Object}}{\v HID_OLE_INSERT_NEW}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Inserts and embeds an object, such as a chart or an equation in a document. }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Links}}{\v HID_OLE_EDIT_LINKS}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell List and edit links to embedded documents. Note: Not working in the present version.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 No Node\cell Remove the nodes display but only display boundaries in a velocity model.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Boundary\cell Entering boundary mode while editing a velocity model.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Velocity\cell Entering velocity mode while editing a velocity model.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Display Tune-up\cell Allows you to remove some parts of the current display.  These actions will not be saved in your SeisWide document. }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Change Model\cell A menu mapping of all the tool bar options. Each functions here are for editing current velocity model.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2790\cellx10212 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \tab \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Embedded object resize bar}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDW_RESIZE_BAR}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Embedded Object Resize Bar\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the embedded object resize bar. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File 1, 2, 3, 4 command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_MRU_FILE1}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b 1, 2, 3, 4 command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use the numbers and filenames listed at the bottom of the File menu to open the last four documents you closed.  Choose the number that corresponds with the document you want to open.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Close command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_CLOSE}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Close command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to close all windows containing the active document.  SeisWide suggests that you save changes to your document before you close it.  If you close a document without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.  Before closing an untitled document, SeisWide displays the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save As dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\plain\f80\fs20  and suggests that you name and save the document.\par 
\par 
You can also close a document by using the Close icon on the document's window, as shown below:\par 
\{bml SCMENU.BMP\}
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Exit command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_APP_EXIT}
{\up K}{\footnote K exit}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Exit command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to end your SeisWide session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.  SeisWide prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.\par 
\tab \{bmc APPEXIT.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab ALT+F4}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File New command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_NEW}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b New command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to create a new document in SeisWide.  Select the type of new file you want to create in the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 File New dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_NEWTYPEDLG}{\plain\f16\fs20 .  }{\plain\f80\fs20 << Remove previous sentence if your application supports only one document type. >>\par 
\par 
You can open an existing document with the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Open command}}{\v HID_FILE_OPEN}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc FILENEW.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+N}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File New dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_NEWTYPEDLG}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b File New dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 This will create a new SeisWide document (.SEI). It will be a small file initializing various parameters for the new job.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Open command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_OPEN}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Open command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to open an existing document in a new window.  You can open multiple documents at once.  Use the Window menu to switch among the multiple open documents.  See }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Window 1, 2, ... command}}{\v HID_WINDOW_ALL}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
You can create new documents with the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 New command}}{\v HID_FILE_NEW}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc FILEOPEN.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+O}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Open dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_FILEOPEN}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b File Open dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The following options allow you to specify which file to open:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b File Name}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. }\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b List Files of Type}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the type of file you want to open:\par 
<< List your application's file types here. >>}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Drives}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the drive in which SeisWide stores the file that you want to open. }\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Directories}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the directory in which SeisWide stores the file that you want to open.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Network...}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. \par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Page Setup Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PAGE_SETUP}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Page Setup command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Print Preview command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Preview command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display the active document as it would appear when printed.  When you choose this command, the main window will be replaced with a print preview window in which one or two pages will be displayed in their printed format.  The }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 print preview toolbar}}{\v AFX_HIDW_PREVIEW_BAR}{\plain\f80\fs20  offers you options to view either one or two pages at a time; move back and forth through the document; zoom in and out of pages; and initiate a print job.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Print Setup command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PRINT_SETUP}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Setup command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to select a printer and a printer connection.  This command presents a }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Print Setup dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_PRINTSETUP}{\plain\f80\fs20 , where you specify the printer and its connection.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Print command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_PRINT}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to print a document.   This command presents a }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Print dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_PRINT}{\plain\f80\fs20 , where you may specify the range of pages to be printed, the number of copies, the destination printer, and other printer setup options.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc FILEPRNT.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+P}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Save As command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Save As command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to save and name the active document.  SeisWide displays the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save As dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\plain\f80\fs20  so you can name your document.  \par 
\par 
To save a document with its existing name and directory, use the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save command}}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Save As dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b File Save As dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you're about to save:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b File Name}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Type a new filename to save a document with a different name.  A filename can contain up to eight characters and an extension of up to three characters.  SeisWide adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Drives}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the drive in which you want to store the document.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Directories}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Network...}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. \par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 << Add other File Save As dialog box options depending on which ones your application chooses via the OFN_ flags of the OPENFILENAME structure used by the CFileDialog. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File Save command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_SAVE}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Save command (File menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to save the active document to its current name and directory.  When you save a document for the first time, SeisWide displays the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save As dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\plain\f80\fs20  so you can name your document.  If you want to change the name and directory of an existing document before you save it, choose the }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save As command}}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc FILESAVE.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+S}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ File menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_file}
{\up K}{\footnote K files: managing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b File menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 In SeisWide, all operations are referred to within a particular .SEI document, which can be saved and opened.  Each document can contain information about the file names of SEGY sections, and the names of one velocity model, and one raytracing parameter file. Also included in the document are the x-y limits of a velocity model and/or depth section, time limits of a time section, plotting gains and clipping information, reduction velocity, color specifications, et al. Any operations in every document shares the same set of parameters, such that in plotting a depth section, for example, you will be prompted with the plotting parameters you already entered in plotting your time sections. This is especially convenient when dealing a large number of segy files and velocity models.\par 
\par 
The File menu offers the following commands:\par 
}\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 New}}{\v HID_FILE_NEW}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Creates a new SeisWide document.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Open}}{\v HID_FILE_OPEN}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Opens an existing SeisWide document.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Close}}{\v HID_FILE_CLOSE}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Closes an opened SeisWide document.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save}}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Saves an opened SeisWide document using the same file name.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Save As}}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Saves an opened SeisWide document to a specified file name.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Print}}{\v HID_FILE_PRINT}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Prints a SeisWide document, will stretch to the full page size.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Print Preview}}{\v HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Displays the document on the screen as it would appear printed.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Print Setup}}{\v HID_FILE_PRINT_SETUP}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Selects a printer and printer connection.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Exit}}{\v HID_APP_EXIT}{\plain\f80\fs20 \tab \par 
\cell Exits SeisWide.}\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
There are many types of files (including SEI, .SGY, .BIN, .IN) that SeisWide deal with.  You can not use }{\plain\f80\fs20\b File menu commands }{\plain\f80\fs20 to open or save the files other than .SEI type.  Instead, use the BROWSE button in corresponding dialogs to select those files.  For example, .SGY files are accessed in the dialogs for }{\ul {\f80\fs20 View,}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20  Time Section, Depth Section commands, and also in many of the commands in }{\ul {\f80\fs20 Processing menu}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
Note: Try to }{\plain\f80\fs20 launch }{\plain\f80\fs20 ONE SeisWide application for all}{\plain\f80\fs20  documents }{\plain\f80\fs20 stored in ONE directory.  If you want to open documents from other directories, }{\plain\f80\fs20  }{\plain\f80\fs20 launch}{\plain\f80\fs20  }{\plain\f80\fs20 other SeisWide applications, one for each directory.  The reason behind this convention is that one document of SeisWide can be associated with }{\plain\f80\fs20 some temporary files (i.e. tx.out and p.out, and .tempErrInfo.txt}{\plain\f80\fs20 ) }{\plain\f80\fs20 generated and used by SeisWide}{\plain\f80\fs20  in the document's working directory}{\plain\f80\fs20 .  SeisWide is not multi-thread: If one SeisWide application is busy in computing, you can not }{\plain\f80\fs20 open other documents from the same application.  Instead, you can launch another SeisWide application and work from there.}\par 
{\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Find Dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_FIND}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Find dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Generate a Velocity Model}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HOWTOMODEL}
{\up K}{\footnote K Velocity Modeling}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Generate a Velocity Model\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 If you want to generate a velocity model from an MCS reflection time section, it is extremely easy with SeisWide. Just follow these steps:\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi-360\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20 Choose "View, Velocity Model" to switch to velocity section. Give a name for your intended velocity model.  Click the corresponding icon in SeisWide to create a new model. Choose "Edit, Velocity Node" to switch to velocity editing mode. Change the velocity of first layer to be, for example, 1.5. Choose "Edit, Boundary Node" to switch to boundary editing mode. Drag down the seafloor to the maximum depth you can expect, and perform }{\plain\f80\fs20\i time-depth conversion}{\plain\f80\fs20 . Choose "View, Both Velocity and Depth" to switch to view model and depth section. If the sea bottom reflection is above the seafloor of your model, the sea bottom reflector is already at the correct depth.  Select the bottom boundary of first layer, edit the nodes according this reflector.\par 
}{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20 Repeat step one for second layer. Then for the third, and then fourth......}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
For information on how to edit boundary and velocity nodes, see section }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Edit Nodes}}{\v HID_HOWTOEDITNODES}{\plain .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 To display a velocity model, select }{\ul {\f80\fs20 View menu}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20 , Velocity Color Map, or Velocity Contours which adds contours to the model.  For help on how to select the various parameters, see }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Display Seismic Sections}}{\v HID_HOWTODISP}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\i Time-depth conversion}{\plain\f80\fs20  is in the }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Processing}{\plain\f80\fs20  menu. Clicking this will pop up a dialog box with a few parameters, most of which are the same as you entered in }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Display Seismic Sections}}{\v HID_HOWTODISP}{\plain\f80\fs20 .  In most cases you should just use the defaults and not change them; this helps make sure that the files for time section, velocity model, and depth, and the view window are all consistent with what you have seen.  The only exception is the options for correcting spherical dispersion. Checking this gain the amplitude by the depth to the power of 2 (or other chosen values).  I found that if your reflection data is only brute or provisionally stacked, you need to set the power to 2 during conversion to avoid extremely weak energy at greater depths. However, if your Segy data is already migrated in time, you might not need any spherical correction at all.  Well, maybe not right: I occasionally use a power of 1 for some migrated section (given the excuse that there is energy losses during wave traveling)!\par 
\par 
\par 
Here is a sample Visual C++ routine to read the SeisWide binary velocity file:\par 
\tab CFile filev(velName, CFile::modeRead | CFile::typeBinary);\par 
\tab if(filev.Read(&velMod.ncont, 4) != 4) return(FALSE);\par 
\par 
\tab filev.Read(&velMod.nzed, (long)(velMod.ncont*4));\par 
\tab if(velMod.ncont>30)\par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Too many layers in the velocity file, max 30");\par 
\tab \tab return FALSE;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.ncont; icont++)\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<velMod.nzed[icont]; j++) filev.Read(&velMod.xm[j][icont],4);\par 
\tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.ncont; icont++)\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<velMod.nzed[icont]; j++) filev.Read(&velMod.zm[j][icont],4);\par 
\par 
\tab filev.Read(&velMod.nlayer, 4);\par 
\tab for (i=0; i<2; i++)\par 
\tab \tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.nlayer; icont++) \par 
\tab \tab \tab filev.Read(&velMod.nvel[icont][i], 4);\par 
\tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.nlayer; icont++)\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<velMod.nvel[icont][0]; j++) filev.Read(&velMod.xvel[j][icont][0],4);\par 
\tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.nlayer; icont++)\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<velMod.nvel[icont][0]; j++) filev.Read(&velMod.vf[j][icont][0],4);\par 
\par 
\tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.nlayer; icont++)\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<velMod.nvel[icont][1]; j++) filev.Read(&velMod.xvel[j][icont][1],4);\par 
\tab for (icont=0; icont<velMod.nlayer; icont++)\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<velMod.nvel[icont][1]; j++) filev.Read(&velMod.vf[j][icont][1],4);\par 
\tab filev.Close();\par 
\par 
Here is a sample fortran code for opening a SeisWide binary velocity file:\par 
\tab open(12,file='v.bin',status='unknown',form='binary')\par 
\tab write(12)ncont,(nzed(i),i=1,ncont)\par 
\tab write(12)((xm(icont,j),,j=1,nzed(icont)),icont=1,ncont)\par 
\tab write(12)((zm(icont,j),,j=1,nzed(icont)),icont=1,ncont)\par 
\tab write(12)nlayer,(nvel(i,1),i=1,nlayer),(nvel(i,2),i=1,nlayer)\par 
\tab write(12)((xvel(icont,j,1),j=1,nvel(icont,1)),icont=1,nlayer)\par 
\tab write(12)((vf(icont,j,1),j=1,nvel(icont,1)),icont=1,nlayer)\par 
\tab write(12)((xvel(icont,j,2),,j=1,nvel(icont,2)),icont=1,nlayer)\par 
\tab write(12)((vf(icont,j,2),j=1,nvel(icont,2)),icont=1,nlayer)\par 
\tab close(12)}\par\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Help Using Help Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_CONTEXT_HELP}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Context Help command \par 
\{bml CURHELP.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use the Context Help command to obtain help on some portion of SeisWide.  When you choose the Toolbar's Context Help button, the mouse pointer will change to an arrow and question mark.  Then click somewhere in the SeisWide window, such as another Toolbar button.  The Help topic will be shown for the item you clicked.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Keys:\tab SHIFT+F1}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Help menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_help}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Help menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: \par 
}\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1800\cellx8820 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Help Topics}}{\v HID_HELP_INDEX}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx1800\cellx8820 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 About}}{\v HID_APP_ABOUT}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Displays the version number of this application.}\cell\row\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240 \pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Index command (Help menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HELP_INDEX}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Index command (Help menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using SeisWide and various types of reference information.  \par 
\par 
Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Insert Object command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_OLE_INSERT_NEW}
{\up K}{\footnote K objects: embedding}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Insert New Object command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Inserts and embeds an object, such as a chart or an equation in a document. The application in which the object was created becomes active on the screen.\par 
\par 
(This option not working in version 2.0).\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Insert new object dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_INSERTOBJECT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Insert New Object dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Insert New Object dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Links dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_EDITLINKS}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Links dialog box}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Links dialog box. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Maximize command (System menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_MAXIMIZE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Maximize command (System menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to enlarge the active window to fill the available space.}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi-360\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Mouse:\tab Click the maximize icon \{bmc SCMAX.BMP\}
 on the title bar; or double-click the title bar.\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+F10 enlarges a document window.}\par 
\pard\s2\li1080\fi-360\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Migrate to SeisWide with SEGY Data}
{\up #}{\footnote # Migrate_to_SeisWide_with_SEGY_Data}
{\up K}{\footnote K Migrate to SeisWide with SEGY Data}
{\plain 
}{\plain Migrate to SeisWide with SEGY Data\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 You will need a seismic data in a format of industry standard, or a SEGY format.  This SEGY file must contain only one channel of data, as either a CDP-stacked section for reflection data, or a shot gather (or an OBS experiment) for non-zero offset and wide-angle data.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 If your Segy data was created in UNIX platform, you will need to convert it to a Windows/PC format if you haven't done so, before SeisWide can read it.  This is because of the fundamental difference of binary byte format the Unix and Windows/PC operating systems adopts.  There can be many ways to do this conversion.  I have successfully tested a shareware program "nscu" that runs on Unix on a SUN for this purpose.  This program can take many unix segy formats, among which the IBM Floating Point segy data have been tested to absolutely do the job.  Noteworthy is that the maximum length of each trace for this program is 20,000 samples in Unix version.  \par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 To convert your Unix Segy format to PC Segy format, follow these steps:\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 1. Transfer all four files in the NSCU directory to a directory in a SUN.\par 
}{\plain\fs20 Make sure you set the transfer mode to "binary".\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 2. Use "chmod +x nscu_UNX.exe" do the same thing for pcSegy.sh. \par 
}{\plain\fs20 This makes these two files executable.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 3. Type "pcSegy.sh FileNameUNIX.sgy FileNamePC.sgy" for the conversion.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 4. To know more about nscu program, type nscu_UNX.exe to see helps.\par 
}{\plain\fs20 Or expand all the source codes and documentation from nscu1.3.tar.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 5. Not sure if the same executable nscu_UNX.exe will work in other platform.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Modifying the Document}
{\up #}{\footnote # HIDR_DOC1TYPE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Modifying the Document\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 In SeisWide, all operations are referred to within a particular .SEI document, which can be saved and opened.  Each document contain the display information so that when you }{\ul {\f80\fs20 open}}{\v HID_FILE_OPEN}{\plain\f80\fs20  a saved .SEI document, you will see the display as at the time you last hit the }{\ul {\f80\fs20 Save}}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE}{\plain\f80\fs20  key. Any operations in every document shares the same set of parameters, such that in plotting a }{\ul {\f80\fs20 depth section}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20 , for example, you will be prompted with the plotting parameters you already entered in plotting your time sections. This is especially convenient when dealing a large number of segy files and velocity models.\par 
\par 
There are many types of files (including SEI, .SGY, .BIN, .IN) that SeisWide deal with.  You can not use }{\plain\f80\fs20\b File menu commands }{\plain\f80\fs20 to open or save the files other than .SEI type.  Instead, use the BROWSE button in corresponding dialogs to select those files.  For example, .SGY files are accessed in the dialogs for }{\ul {\f80\fs20 View,}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20  Time Section, Depth Section commands, and also in many of the commands in }{\ul {\f80\fs20 Processing menu}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80\fs20 .\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Move command (Control menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_MOVE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Move command (Control menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can move the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.\par 
\{bmc CURARW4.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+F7\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ New command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_NEW}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b New command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to open a new window with the same contents as the active window.  You can open multiple document windows to display different parts or views of a document at the same time.  If you change the contents in one window, all other windows containing the same document reflect those changes.  When you open a new window, it becomes the active window and is displayed on top of all other open windows.\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Next Pane Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_NEXT_PANE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Next Pane\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Next Window command (document Control menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_NEXTWINDOW}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Next Window command (document Control menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to switch to the next open document window.  SeisWide determines which window is next according to the order in which you opened the windows.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+F6}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ No Help Available}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HT_NOWHERE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b No Help Available\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 No help is available for this area of the window.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ No Help Available_1}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDP_default}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b No Help Available\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 No help is available for this message box.\par 
\par 
<< If you wish to author help specific to each message box prompt, then remove the AFX_HIDP_xxx values from the [ALIAS] section of your .HPJ file, and author a topic for each AFX_HIDP_xxx value.  For example, AFX_HIDP_INVALID_FILENAME is the help topic for the Invalid Filename message box. >>\par 
}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain\f80 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Object verb}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_OLE_VERB_1}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Object verb (Edit menu)}{\plain\f80\fs20  \par 
\par 
<< Write a topic here that discusses Object verb. >>\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Mouse:\tab Double-click the object with the left mouse button.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Paste Link command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_PASTE_LINK}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Paste Link command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that talks about the kinds of objects you expect users to embed in your application's documents. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Paste Special dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PASTESPECIAL}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Paste Special dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Paste Special dialog box. >>\par 
\par 
\par 
                                   \par 
 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Paste command (Edit menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_PASTE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Paste command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to insert a copy of the clipboard contents at the insertion point.  This command is unavailable if the clipboard is empty.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc EDITPAST.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+V}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Pasting to Other Graphics Software}
{\up #}{\footnote # Pasting_to_Other_Graphics_Software}
{\up K}{\footnote K Pasting to Other Graphics Software}
{\plain 
Pasting to Other Graphics Software\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 Any display in SeisWide can be directly put into most other graphics software in windows.  To do this, simply choose Edit Menu, Copy, or press Ctnl C, which will place the display onto windows clipboard.  You can open your favorate graphics editor such as CorelDraw, Lotus Freelance, MS-Word, MS Excell, MS Power Point et al. and paste by pressing Ctnl V.  If you prefer to edit individule details of SeisWide images, you could choose "Paste Special" in the "Edit" menu of these other softwares and choose to paste as "Metafiles".  A good news is that each seismic trace will be treated as one object so that CorelDraw, for example, would not complain about too many objects and works well with more than 1000 traces display at a good speed (if your PC is fast enough).  A bad news, however, is that CorelDraw 7.0 does not paste labels very well, especially if you paste as metafile instead of as SeisWide document, although CorelDraw 6.0 and 5.0 does not have this problem.  Of couse, you can always ungroup the pasted graphics (remove the labels by choose Edit, Display Tune-up in SeisWide) and delete all the unwanted stuff in CorelDraw.  But CorelDraw 7.0 still can not import the CGM metafile generated by rayplt.bat DOS program of SeisWide.  Again you can use MS-Excell or CorelDraw 6.0, 5.0 et al. to import and then paste to CorelDraw 7.0.\par 
\par 
While pasting SeisWide images onto other graphics editors can be easily executed by CNTL+C in SeisWide and CNTL+V in these editors, it can also be executed by choosing "Insert Object" of SeisWide from within those graphics editors.  You still do any drawings as usual in these editors.  If you double click a seismic section generated by SeisWide from within these editors, you will see SeisWide menus and you can change views from there.  When finished, just click outside the seismic section and everything becomes normal.  What a convenience!\par 
\par 
When you paste a color model into these graphics editors, better paste as SeisWide as opposed to metafile: because you will loose some color details in the metafile form.}\par\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Prev Pane Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_PREV_PANE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Prev Pane\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Previous Window command (document Control menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_PREVWINDOW}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Previous Window command (document Control menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to switch to the previous open document window.  SeisWide determines which window is previous according to the order in which you opened the windows.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Keys:\tab SHIFT+CTRL+F6}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Print Progress Dialog}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PRINTDLG}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Progress Dialog\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The Printing dialog box is shown during the time that SeisWide is sending output to the printer.  The page number indicates the progress of the printing.\par 
\par 
To abort printing, choose Cancel.\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Print Setup dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PRINTSETUP}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Setup dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The following options allow you to select the destination printer and its connection.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Printer}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the printer you want to use.  Choose the Default Printer; or choose the Specific Printer option and select one of the current installed printers shown in the box.  You install printers and configure ports using the Windows Control Panel. }\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Orientation}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Choose Portrait or Landscape.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Paper Size}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the size of paper that the document is to be printed on.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Paper Source}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Some printers offer multiple trays for different paper sources.  Specify the tray here.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Options}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Displays a dialog box where you can make additional choices about printing, specific to the type of printer you have selected.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Network...}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Print dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDD_PRINT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print dialog box\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The following options allow you to specify how the document should be printed:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Printer}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 This is the active printer and printer connection.  Choose the Setup option to change the printer and printer connection.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Setup}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Displays a }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Print Setup dialog box}}{\v AFX_HIDD_PRINTSETUP}{\plain\f80\fs20 , so  you can select a printer and printer connection.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Range}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Specify the pages you want to print:}\par\trowd\trleft402\trgaph108\cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b All\cell }{\plain\f80\fs20 Prints the entire document.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft402\trgaph108\cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Selection\cell }{\plain\f80\fs20 Prints the currently selected text.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft402\trgaph108\cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Pages\cell }{\plain\f80\fs20 Prints the range of pages you specify in the From and To boxes.}\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Copies}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Specify the number of copies you want to print for the above page range.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Collate Copies}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Prints copies in page number order, instead of separated multiple copies of each page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Quality}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the quality of the printing.  Generally, lower quality printing takes less time to produce.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Printing}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HOWTOPRINT}
{\up K}{\footnote K Printing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Printing\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 SeisWide's printing all default to the full-page size.  In one of the intermediate step, you will be prompted for enter compression ratios for X and Y.\par 
\par 
Tips: Sometimes it is very convenient to print a huge, high resolution graphics without long-time screen display.  To do this, just minimize the document for printing, and make sure the minimized icon is selected (use your right mouse button to do this), select }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 View menu}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20 , your graphics mode, and print.\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Processing menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_processing}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Processing menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The Processing menu offers the following commands:\par 
}\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Associate km to trace\cell Associate km to each trace according to its CDP or FFID.  This is for near-offset reflection only.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Define Source Position in Segy Header \cell Define source position in model distance in meters and store into the Segy header.  This is for wide-angle modeling only.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Reverse Range\cell Reverse the sign of distance or offset of each trace.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Shift in Time and Space\cell Bulk shift in time and in horizontal distance/offsets.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Trace Re-order\cell Re-order traces in an irregularly stored Segy data.  The output will have traces with distance increasing with trace number. This is important for coherency mixing, and for properly displaying FFID and CDP information for a time section.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\sl240\tx1440\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Data Reduction and Filter\cell }\pard\s2\sl240\tx1440\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Reduce huge Segy file into small file as you desire.  This operation can handle any large number of samples per trace in the input file, as long as the output file has <20000 samples per trace.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Coherency Mixing\cell Coherency mixing adjacent Segy traces. You can specify mixing range in km; however, when your mixing range is too great such that it covers >7 traces, the program will automatically use 7 traces for mixing. In specifying the "range of dips", I normally use 2, 9 (km/s) for refraction, and -9, 9 for reflection data. Coherency mixing can only be used if the distance/offsets always increase with trace number.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Time-Depth Conversion\cell Convert a near-offset time section into a depth section using a velocity model.  You can apply spherical correction to un-migrated time section (see }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Generate a Velocity Model}}{\v HID_HOWTOMODEL}{\plain\f80\fs20 ). For some shared parameter explanations see }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Display Seismic Sections}}{\v HID_HOWTODISP}{\plain ).}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain }{\plain\f80\fs20 Check Model Integrity\cell Check the current velocity model for errors.  If errors are found, a NotePad document will be shown instantly for you to investigate.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Ray Trace\cell Ray tracing using given ray parameter file, and velocity model file. It will evoke Collin Zelt\'92s raytracing program written in Fortran.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Ray Path\cell Simple, one-click display of ray path is not working.  However, after you run "Ray Trace", you can manually copy "p.out" file in your working directory to SeisWide program directory (typically c:\\Program Files\\Chian\\SeisWide) and run "rayplt.bat" to display the ray path and get a "test.cgm" file that holds the graphics. You could then use one of your favorate graphics editor (e.g. MS Word, Excell, CorelDraw, Freelance) to view and print it.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2520\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Load Zelt's Model\cell Use this to convert  velocity model in Zelt's ascii format into SeisWide binary format. This operation reverses an tool bar operation Save Velocity as.}\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2 {\up $}{\footnote $ RTF_TOPIC_859797761}
{\up #}{\footnote # RTF_TOPIC_859797761}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f16\fs20                        \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ RTF_TOPIC_864327796}
{\up #}{\footnote # RTF_TOPIC_864327796}
{\plain 
}{\plain }\page \pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ RTF_TOPIC_865638198}
{\up #}{\footnote # RTF_TOPIC_865638198}
{\plain 
}{\plain }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Redo command (Edit menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_REDO}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Redo command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 All Redo and Undo are not working.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Save Copy As... command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_SAVE_COPY_AS}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Save Copy As... command (File menu)\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Save Copy As... command. >>}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Scroll bars}
{\up #}{\footnote # scrollbars}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Scroll bars\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Displayed at the right and bottom edges of the document window.  The scroll boxes inside the scroll bars indicate your vertical and horizontal location in the document.  You can use the mouse to scroll to other parts of the document.\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Sections: display}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HOWTODISP}
{\up K}{\footnote K sections: display}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Display Seismic Sections\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 For a new Segy file, it is sometimes useful to run \'93 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 View menu}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20 , Segy Info\'94 to display some of its header information.  If the numbers displayed as correct, it is most likely that this file can be used by SeisWide.\par 
\par 
In displaying the time section, near-offset stacked sections and wide-angle time sections are treated equally by the program.  However, for an MCS reflection profile, please make sure you have run the "Associate km to Trace" in the "Processing" menu before proceeding to display any segy data.  Keep in mind that SeisWide displays do not handle Segy data without information about distance or offsets in km.  \par 
\par 
For displaying a wide-angle data in model distance as opposed to offsets, you need to run \'93}{\ul {\f80\fs20 Define Source Position}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80\fs20 \'94 to put the model distance in meters into the Segy header}{\plain\f80\fs20 .  Wide-angle time sections normally already have offsets in metres stored in the binary headers and therefore do not overwrite this information with "}{\ul {\f80\fs20 Associate km to Trace}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80\fs20 ".\par 
\par 
To display a time section, select }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 View menu}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20 , Time Section, and a dialog box will appear. This dialog box is shared by various operations, and the same dialog box will be called when you choose to display}{\plain\f80\fs20\i  Depth Section, and Velocity Color Map}{\plain\f80\fs20 ., as well as some other processing routines.  You do not have to enter all the information in this dialog box before you can display something.  In fact, most of the information in this dialog box has defaults, and once you enter a file name for a time section, you may get your view right away even without entering any further information.\par 
\par 
You will soon be able to remember display parameters are divided into five groups.  To navigate through these groups, use the three tabs on top of the dialog box.\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi-360\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Common Parameters}{\plain\f80\fs20   include those that are common to most operations. }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Title of plot}{\plain\f80\fs20 : any text strings to be plotted on top of the plot. }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Shot1,shot2,shotstep}{\plain\f80\fs20 : the first trace, last trace, and increment of trace number for the display/plotting, default 0,10000,1 means including every trace within 0-10000. If not sure, just use the default values. Xmin,Xmax,Xtick fields represent the minimum, maximum distance in km for the plot, and the tick interval (Xtick in km). The Gain,Clip,MinAmp fields are the gain, clip (1 means that during area filling, the sample with a value equal the average amplitude will fill up the trace gap completely on the average.  If you know that the distances or offsets of your traces all increase with trace numbers, then check the last checkbox to enable the program to stop loading additional traces with it finds a trace not being displayed.  This action will not change the display at all; it just speeds up completion of tasks.\par 
}{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Time or Depth Sections: }{\plain\f80\fs20 includes three groups of parameters. The first is those for time sections only (including both zero-offset reflection, and wide-angle refraction sections).  click on  "Browse" to find a Segy file for a time section. Upon selection of file, the complete path and file name will be shown to the left of this "Browse" button.  (Note that if you leave the path as is, and save your document that contains these parameters, and later you move the corresponding Segy file, opening this document will not imply the program can find it; in that case, click "Browse" again to fix it.).  Tmin, Tmax, TTick specify the minimum, maximum time for display, and ticks. You can choose some trace header information to display: }{\plain\f80\fs20\i None, Trace Number,  FFID, CDP, or All.}{\plain\f80\fs20  This will display your selected trace information on top or bottom of the display, depending whether you are using face-down or face-up in the }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Common Parameters}{\plain\f80\fs20  group. Note that currently trace header information only displays well for traces with increasing distance/offsets; the program will not display this trace header information when it finds a trace that is to be placed to the left of any traces already on display. \par 
}{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20 The third group of parameters is for displaying  wide-angle time sections only, so do not change the default values of this group if you are displaying reflection data. Since Segy files do not discriminate between actual distance and offsets (i.e. distance and offsets are all stored at the same byte location in the Segy file), you need to tell the program here whether distance or offsets were written to the Segy header for wide-angle data. You could choose to display data as distance or offsets  For example, you are displaying a wide-angle data, and the Segy header is defined by "Offsets".  }{\plain\f80\fs20\b If you choose "Display as Distance", the program look for source positing in model distance in the Segy header, and add the distance of the source to the offsets for display. }{\plain\f80\fs20 Check "Variable Gain" to multiply the amplitudes by (range/XGain)^Power.  \par 
}{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20 The next group is for specifying depth information.  If you are only displaying a time section, skip this part completely. Zmin, Zmax, Ztick, dz are: Minimum and maximum depth for display and/or time-depth conversion; ZTick is the tick for depth; dz is only used for the conversion and can not be changed from here. \par 
}{\plain\f18\fs28 \'b7\tab }{\plain\f80\fs20\i Velocity Display}{\plain\f80\fs20 :  Specify here the information for velocity-color mapping schemes and for color-bar options. Note that you specify the coordinates of the upper-left corner, and the X-Y extent of the color bar by km.  The horizontal resolution of colors in km sets the horizontal mesh size for }{\plain\f80\fs20\ul linear}{\plain\f80\fs20  interpolation of velocities. Although you can use all the default values, you can choose one to six levels of velocity-color mapping schemes to tune up your needs.  In doing this, remember any color is specified by the red, green, and blue values between 0 and 255.  For example, 0, 0, 0 means a full darkness, 255, 0, 0 pure red, and 255, 255, 255 pure white.  Velocity Increment (in km/s) represents the color resolution for a corresponding velocity range; the colors within each layer will be gridded based on velocity at this interval.  Vmin, Vmid, Vmid2, Vmid3, Vmid4, Vmax are six velocity values whose corresponding Red, Green, Blue values will be used in the interpolation. }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
Manipulating colors can be as complicated as a new profession, as somebody claims. In SeisWide, however, this is functionally simple and yet provides compatibility to most of your needs.  If you have a color scheme you like most (other than SeisWide\'92s default, e.g. a rainbow pattern), you can just first obtain the Red-Green-Blue values by using, for example, CorelDraw\'92s interactive color dialogs, then enter them into SeisWide\'92s color dialogs.  You then save your document into a new file, and whenever you want to use the same color scheme, you copy this file and open to see it.\par 
\par 
You can choose }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Edit menu}}{\v menu_edit}{\plain\f80\fs20 , Display Tune-up to tune-up your display, such as removing lables, OBS markers, model nodes et al..  \par 
\par 
Here is a sample Visual C++ 4.2 routine for reading a SEGY time section:\par 
\tab CFile file(draw.timeSecName, CFile::modeRead | CFile::typeBinary);\par 
\tab UINT bytesRead = file.Seek(3200L, CFile::begin);\par 
\tab if(bytesRead < 3200L) \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Ascii section header read wrong");\par 
\tab \tab return(FALSE);\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab bytesRead = file.Read(i2buf, 400);\par 
\tab if(bytesRead < 400) \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Binary section header read wrong");\par 
\tab \tab return(FALSE);\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab head.numsamp = (long)i2buf[10];\par 
\tab BOOL dataInt;\par 
\tab float *trcdat;\par 
\tab trcdat = (float *) &i2buf[120];\par 
\tab if(i2buf[12]!=3)  \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab dataInt = FALSE;\par 
\tab \tab head.len = head.numsamp*4 + 240;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab else \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab dataInt = TRUE;\par 
\tab \tab head.len = head.numsamp*2 + 240;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab if(head.len>20000*2)\par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Too many samples per trace in this segy file, max 40,000Bytes");\par 
\tab \tab return FALSE;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab head.tpp = (long)i2buf[8];\tab //sample interval in micro sec.\par 
\tab \par 
\tab while (file.Read(i2buf,head.len) == (UINT)head.len)\par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[0] = i2buf[0];\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[1] = i2buf[1];\par 
\tab \tab shot = ssmic.iv;  \tab //wsprintf(pFrm.m_paneString, "Processing shot: %d", shot);\par 
\par 
\tab \tab if(para.shot1 > para.shot2) \par 
\tab \tab \{\par 
\tab \tab \tab k1=para.shot2;\par 
\tab \tab \tab k2=para.shot1;\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(shot < k1 && para.segyOrder)break ;\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(shot > k2)continue ;\par 
\tab \tab \}\par 
\tab \tab else\par 
\tab \tab \{\par 
\tab \tab \tab k1=para.shot1;\par 
\tab \tab \tab k2=para.shot2;\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(shot < k1) continue; //ssmic.iv is the shot no.\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(shot > k2 && para.segyOrder) break;\par 
\tab \tab \}\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[0] = i2buf[18];\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[1] = i2buf[19];\par 
\tab \tab range = (double)ssmic.iv * 0.001; //actual range in km.\par 
\tab \tab if(range>para.xmax && para.segyOrder) break;\par 
\tab \tab if(range<para.xmin || range>para.xmax) continue;\par 
\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<head.numsamp; j++)\par 
\tab \tab \{\par 
\tab \tab \tab // i2buf[52] stores bulk shift of time in ms.  MIL is defined as million.\par 
\tab \tab \tab ypos = (double)j*(double) head.tpp/MIL - (double)(i2buf[52]*0.001);\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(ypos< para.tmin) continue;\par 
\tab \tab \tab else if(ypos> para.tmax) break;\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\fi720\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \tab \tab //gain_real is the pre-defined gain.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \tab \tab \tab if(dataInt) xpos = (double)i2buf[j+120]*gain_real;\par 
\tab \tab \tab else xpos = (double)trcdat[j]*gain_real;\par 
\tab \tab \tab . . . . . . . . . . . .\par 
\tab \tab \}\par 
\par 
\tab \tab j = head.len*(para.shotStep-1);\par 
\tab \tab if(j!=0)file.Seek(j, CFile::current);\par 
\tab \tab . . . . . . . . . . . .\par 
\tab \}\par 
\par 
Here is a sample Visual C++ 4.2 routine code for drawing a depth section.\par 
BOOL CSeisWideDoc::DrawDepth(CDC* pDC)\par 
\{\par 
\tab CPoint p,p1,prange,plt[20000];\par 
\tab union TWO_FOUR\{\par 
\tab \tab short hw[2];\par 
\tab \tab long iv;\par 
\tab \} ssmic;\par 
\tab long shot, j, k;\par 
\tab double a, xpos, ypos, range;\par 
\tab if(fabs(para.fillOff) > 10.) para.fillOff = 0.001;\par 
\par 
//gain_real is the real gain to be used in this routine, so is true for clip_real.\par 
//Note that para.gain_real was calculated in Doc's constructor,\par 
//and para.gain is the user input.\par 
\tab double gain_real = para.gain_real*para.gain*(double)para.shotStep;\par 
\tab double clip_real = para.clip_real*para.clip*(double)para.shotStep;\par 
\tab double temp = clip_real;\par 
\tab if(temp < 0.0) temp = fabs(temp);\par 
\par 
\tab CPen redPen(PS_SOLID, 2, RGB(255,0,0));\par 
\tab CPen whitePen(PS_NULL, 0, RGB(255,255,255));\par 
\tab CPen blackPen(PS_SOLID, 1, RGB(0,0,0));\par 
\tab CBrush brush(RGB(0,0,0));\par 
\tab CFile file(draw.depthSecName, CFile::modeRead | CFile::typeBinary);\par 
\tab UINT bytesRead = file.Seek(3200L, CFile::begin);\par 
\tab if(bytesRead < 3200L) \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Ascii section header read wrong");\par 
\tab \tab return(FALSE);\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab bytesRead = file.Read(i2buf, 400);\par 
\tab if(bytesRead < 400) \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Binary section header read wrong");\par 
\tab \tab return(FALSE);\par 
\tab \}\par 
\par 
\tab head.numsamp = (long)i2buf[10];\par 
\tab BOOL dataInt;\par 
\tab float *trcdat;\par 
\tab trcdat = (float *) &i2buf[120];\par 
\tab if(i2buf[12]!=3)  \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab dataInt = FALSE;\par 
\tab \tab head.len = head.numsamp*4 + 240;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab else \par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab dataInt = TRUE;\par 
\tab \tab head.len = head.numsamp*2 + 240;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab if(head.len>20000*2)\par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab AfxMessageBox("Too many samples per trace in this segy file, max 40,000Bytes");\par 
\tab \tab return FALSE;\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab head.tpp = (long)i2buf[8];\tab //sample interval in micro sec.\par 
\par 
\tab while (file.Read(i2buf,head.len) == (UINT)head.len)\par 
\tab \{\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[0] = i2buf[0];\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[1] = i2buf[1];\par 
\tab \tab shot = ssmic.iv;\par 
\tab \tab if(shot < para.shot1 || shot > para.shot2) continue; //ssmic.iv is the shot no.\par 
\tab \tab if(shot > para.shot2 && para.segyOrder) break;\par 
\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[0] = i2buf[18];\par 
\tab \tab ssmic.hw[1] = i2buf[19];\par 
\tab \tab range = (double)ssmic.iv * 0.001; //actual range in km.\par 
\tab \tab prange = mm_zCoord(range,0.,draw.xLen,draw.yLen);\par 
\tab \tab if(range>para.xmax && para.segyOrder) break; //Remove this if unwanted.\par 
\tab \tab if(range<para.xmin || range>para.xmax) continue;\par 
\par 
\tab \tab k=0;\tab \tab \tab  //Index of the plot array "plt[k]".\par 
\tab \tab for (j=0; j<head.numsamp; j++)\par 
\tab \tab \{}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi720\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 // i2buf[52] is bulk shifted depth in m.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \tab \tab \tab ypos = (double)j*(double)head.tpp/MIL - (double)(i2buf[52]*0.001);\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(ypos<vel.zmin) continue;\par 
\tab \tab \tab else if(ypos>vel.zmax) break;\par 
\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(dataInt) xpos = (double)i2buf[j+120]*gain_real;\par 
\tab \tab \tab else xpos = (double)trcdat[j]*gain_real;\par 
\tab \tab \tab if(xpos> temp) a = temp + range;\par 
\tab \tab \tab else if(xpos< (-temp)) a = - temp + range;\par 
\tab \tab \tab else a = xpos + range;\par 
\tab \tab \tab xpos = a;\par 
\tab \tab \tab plt[k] = mm_zCoord(xpos,ypos,draw.xLen,draw.yLen);\par 
\tab \tab \tab k++;\par 
\tab \tab \}\par 
\par 
\tab \tab //Graphics for amplitude plottings\par 
\tab \tab if(para.wiggle != 1) \par 
\tab \tab \{\par 
\tab \tab \tab oldPen = pDC->SelectObject(&blackPen);\par 
\tab \tab \tab pDC->Polyline(plt,k);\par 
\tab \tab \tab pDC->SelectObject(oldPen);\par 
\tab \tab \}\par 
\tab \tab if(para.wiggle != 0)\tab //Fill area option starts\par 
\tab \tab \{\par 
\tab //\tab \tab if(fabs(para.fillOff)>10.) para.fillOff = (double)0.0;\par 
\tab \tab \tab prange = mm_zCoord(range+para.fillOff,0.,draw.xLen,draw.yLen);\par 
\tab \tab \tab airvar(pDC, k, plt, prange);\par 
\tab \tab \}\par 
\tab \tab j = head.len*(para.shotStep-1);\par 
\tab \tab if(j!=0)file.Seek(j, CFile::current);\par 
\tab \}\par 
\tab file.Close();\par 
\par 
\tab return(TRUE);\par 
\}\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ SeisWide Help Index}
{\up #}{\footnote # main_index}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\b SeisWide Help Index\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b How To ...\par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Migrate to SeisWide with SEGY Data}}{\v Migrate_to_SeisWide_with_SEGY_Data}{\plain\f80\fs20\b \par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 \tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Display Seismic Sections}}{\v HID_HOWTODISP}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Generate a Velocity Model}}{\v HID_HOWTOMODEL}{\plain \par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 \tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Edit Nodes}}{\v HID_HOWTOEDITNODES}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Wide-angle Modeling}}{\v Wide_angle_Modeling}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Printing}}{\v HID_HOWTOPRINT}{\plain\f82\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f82\fs20 Pasting to Other Graphics Software}}{\v Pasting_to_Other_Graphics_Software}{\plain\f82\fs20 \par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Commands\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 \tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 File menu}}{\v menu_file}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Edit menu}}{\v menu_edit}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 View menu}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Processing menu}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Digitize menu}}{\v menu_digitize}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Window menu}}{\v menu_window}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
\tab }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Help menu}}{\v menu_help}{\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Size command (System menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_SIZE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Size command (System menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can size the active window with the arrow keys.\par 
\{bml CURARW4.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
After the pointer changes to the four-headed arrow:}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi-360\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 1.\tab Press one of the DIRECTION keys (left, right, up, or down arrow key) to move the pointer to the border you want to move.  \par 
2.\tab Press a DIRECTION key to move the border.\par 
3.\tab Press ENTER when the window is the size you want.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Mouse:\tab Drag the size bars at the corners or edges of the window.}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Split Command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Split Command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to split the active window into panes.  You may then use the mouse or the keyboard arrows to move the splitter bars.  When you are finished, press the mouse button or enter to leave the splitter bars in their new location.  Pressing escape keeps the splitter bars in their original location.  << In a single document interface application, this command will appear on the View menu. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Switch to command (application Control menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_TASKLIST}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Switch to command (application Control menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Use this "Task List" to switch to or close an application on the list.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+ESC}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Dialog Box Options\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Task List}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Select the application you want to switch to or close.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Switch To}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Makes the selected application active.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b End Task}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Closes the selected application.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Cancel}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Closes the Task List box.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Cascade}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Arranges open applications so they overlap and you can see each title bar.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Tile}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Arrange Icons}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240\tx1440 {\up $}{\footnote $ System Minimize Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_SC_MINIMIZE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Minimize command (application Control menu)}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b \par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to reduce the SeisWide window to an icon.}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi-360\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcut}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Mouse:\tab Click the minimize icon \{bmc SCMIN.BMP\}
 on the title bar.\par 
Keys:\tab ALT+F9}\par 
\pard\s2\li1080\fi-360\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Tile Horizontal command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_TILE_HORZ}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Tile Horizontal command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to vertically arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Tile Vertical command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_TILE_VERT}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Tile Vertical command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows side by side.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Tile command (Window menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_TILE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Tile command (Window menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.\par 
\par 
\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Title Bar}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HT_CAPTION}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Title Bar\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Show your application's title bar here. >>\par 
}\par 
\pard\s1\li360\fi-360\tx360 {\plain\f80\fs20 The title bar is located along the top of a window.  It contains the name of the application and document.}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s1\li360\fi-360\tx360 {\plain\f80\fs20 To move the window, drag the title bar.  Note: You can also move dialog boxes by dragging their title bars.}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi-360\tx360 {\plain\f80\fs20 A title bar may contain the following elements:}\par 
\pard\s8\li360\fi-360\sb40\sa40\tx360 {\plain\f80\fs20 \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Application Control-menu button\par 
\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Document Control-menu button\par 
\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Maximize button\par 
\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Minimize button\par 
\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Name of the application\par 
\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Name of the document\par 
\{bmc BULLET.BMP\}
\tab Restore button}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Undo/Can't Undo command (Edit menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_EDIT_UNDO}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Undo/Can't Undo command (Edit menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to reverse the last editing action, if possible.   The name of the command changes, depending on what the last action was.  The Undo command changes to Can't Undo on the menu if you cannot reverse your last action.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Shortcuts}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1080\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc EDITUNDO.BMP\}
\par 
Keys:\tab CTRL+Z or\par 
\tab ALT-BACKSPACE\tab }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Update command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_FILE_UPDATE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Update command (File menu)\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write a topic here that discusses the Update command. >>}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Using Help command (Help menu)}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_HELP_USING}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Using Help command (Help menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command for instructions about using Help.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ View Ruler Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_VIEW_RULER}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Ruler command (View menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 << Write application-specific help here. >>\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ View Status Bar Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}
{\up K}{\footnote K status bar}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Status Bar command (View menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which describes the action to be executed by the selected menu item or depressed toolbar button, and keyboard latch state. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.\par 
\par 
See }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Status Bar}}{\v AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\plain\f80\fs20  for help on using the status bar.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ View Toolbar command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}
{\up K}{\footnote K toolbar}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Toolbar command (View menu)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in SeisWide, such as File Open.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.\par 
\par 
See }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Toolbar}}{\v AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\plain\f80\fs20  for help on using the toolbar.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ View menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_view}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b View menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The View menu offers the following commands:\par 
}\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Segy Info\cell Display some of the Segy information.  You is usually used for a new, unknown Segy file.  You can use this to check if a Segy file has a format consistent with SeisWide. }\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Time Section\cell Display time section, with the option to overlay travel-time curves, computed by raytracing.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Depth Section\cell Display depth section, after you have performed Time-Depth conversion in the Processing Menu..}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Velocity Color Map\cell Display velocity color model.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Both the Velocity and Depth Section\cell Display velocity color model overlain with depth section.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Contour\cell Display velocity model in contours.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Toolbar}}{\v HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Shows or hides the toolbar.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx9360 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Status Bar}}{\v HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Shows or hides the status bar.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }\cell\row\pard\s2\sl240 \pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Wide-angle Modeling}
{\up #}{\footnote # Wide_angle_Modeling}
{\up K}{\footnote K Wide-angle Modeling}
{\plain 
}{\plain Wide-angle Modeling\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 You can perform wide-angle modeling directly inside SeisWide software alone.  This includes interactive model editing, raytracing, and overlaying computed travel-time curves onto the seismogram display of your wide-angle data.  You can always compare this with coincident, if any, MCS reflection profile along the same line, by making a new .SEI document and selecting Window, Tile.  The MCS reflection profile will be converted to depth using your new velocity model to iterate a reasonable depth model.  \par 
\par 
Usually the first step for modeling a wide-angle data is to run }{\plain\f80\fs20 \'93Define Source Position\'94 to put the distance in meters into the Segy header.  See}{\plain\f80  }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Processing menu}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80 .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs20 SeisWide invokes a separate program, called "myrayinvr.exe" and authored by Dr. Collin Zelt in 1992, to do the ray tracing.  You are advised to store all data for a particular line (or model) in one directory. myrayinvr.exe program needs a ray parameter file \'93.in\'94  and velocity model file \'93.bin\'94, both of which will be prompted when you do the ray-tracing.  Many of the information in the "r.in" file will not be useful for SeisWide, and in most cases, you will just duplicate this file from other lines and change the OBS positions (i.e. ishot and xshot in the .in file).  If you duplicate this file for another model, you'll just need to do a little extra work to change the axes specifications for X, Y, T.  \par 
\par 
It is usually a good idea to run \'93Check Model Integrety\'94 before running \'93Ray Tracing\'94 in the processing menu.  This guarantees that the model does not contain intersecting boundaries, whose existence may hang-up  the raytracing routine.  If any errors are detected, a NotePad document will be showed up in front of you.  You can inspect the causes and when no errors are found, proceed to the next step to do \'93Ray Tracing\'94. \par 
\par 
Selecting \'93Ray Tracing\'94 will pop up a dialog box for you to enter a .in file and a file for your velocity model (again you can use BROWSE to select files here).  On clicking OK, a window with black background will show up displaying the status of the ray tracing.  On Windows 95, a few information will be shown about the rays being traced. However on Windows NT 4.0, nothing is shown beside the black box and a status bar; This is caused by the in-appropriate display of fortran programs in Windows NT and you need not worry about this.  On finishing the ray tracing, you will be prompted to click OK to close the black window, followed by another click on OK to display seismic data with overlay of travel-time curves.  You may notice if you choose }{\uldb {\f80 View menu}}{\v menu_view}{\plain\f80 , }{\plain\f80\fs20 Time Section }{\plain\fs20 that }{\plain\f80\fs20 \'93Overlay Travel-time Curves\'94 in the \'93Time and Depth Sections\'94 tab is already checked automatically. \par 
\par 
Given there may be many travel-time curves for several OBS (in a single }{\plain\fs20 tx.out file)}{\plain\f80\fs20 , how SeisWide knows which ones to display?  Well, SeisWide }{\plain\fs20 looks in the }{\plain\fs20\b current directory}{\plain\fs20  (note: if you use BROWE to change directory, you change the current directory) for the file \'93tx.out\'94 generated by myrayinvr.exe for source information (defined by xshot in ray parameter file .in).  If it finds a source that matches the distance defined in the Segy header of your time section, the corresponding travel-time curves will be loaded and plotted.  So you must define the distance of source (using }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Processing menu}}{\v menu_processing}{\plain\f80 , }{\plain\fs20 Define Source Position) before hand. \par 
\par 
A separate display of the all, or part of the raypaths can be obtained by running a DOS program "rayplot.bat" which will pop up on the full screen and at the same time generate a metafile "test.cgm" which can then be imported into your favorite graphics software (e.g. MS-Word, Excell, CorelDraw, or Lotus Freelance).  To do this, choose "Processing, Ray Trace" to perform the ray tracing first, copy the p.out file to your program installation directory, and run "rayplt.bat". The user is advised to print this raypath diagram frequently during the modeling processes to facilitate comparison with all information on the screen.}\par\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Window Arrange Icons Command}
{\up #}{\footnote # HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Window Arrange Icons Command\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 Use this command to arrange the icons for minimized windows at the bottom of the main window.  If there is an open document window at the bottom of the main window, then some or all of the icons may not be visible because they will be underneath this document window.\par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ Window menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote # menu_window}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Window menu commands\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The Window menu offers the following commands, which enable you to arrange multiple views of multiple documents in the application window:\par 
}\par\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx8550 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 New Window}}{\v HID_WINDOW_NEW}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Creates a new window that views the same document.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx8550 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Cascade}}{\v HID_WINDOW_CASCADE}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Arranges windows in an overlapped fashion.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx8550 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Tile}}{\v HID_WINDOW_TILE}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell Arranges windows in non-overlapped tiles.  This is useful for displaying multiple SeisWide documents (e.g. one for velocity mode, one for wide-angle section with travel-time curves).}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx8550 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Arrange Icons}}{\v HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Arranges icons of closed windows.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx8550 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Split}}{\v HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Split the active window into panes.}\cell\pard\intbl\row\trowd\trleft-108\trgaph108\cellx2250\cellx8550 \pard\s2\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\uldb {\f80\fs20 Window 1, 2, ...}}{\v HID_WINDOW_ALL}{\plain\f80\fs20 \cell }\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240\intbl {\plain\f80\fs20 Goes to specified window.}\cell\row\pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240 \pard\s2\li720\fi-720\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ print preview toolbar}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDW_PREVIEW_BAR}
{\up K}{\footnote K printing and print preview}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print Preview toolbar\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The print preview toolbar offers you the following options:}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Print}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Bring up the print dialog box, to start a print job.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Next Page}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Preview the next printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Prev Page}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Preview the previous printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b One Page / Two Page}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Preview one or two printed pages at a time.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Zoom In}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Take a closer look at the printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Zoom Out}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Take a larger look at the printed page.}\par 
\pard\s2\sb60\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Close}\par 
\pard\s2\li360\fi0\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 Return from print preview to the editing window.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 \par 
}\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ status bar}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}
{\up K}{\footnote K status bar}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Status Bar\par 
\{bml HLPSBAR.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the SeisWide window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the Status Bar command in the View menu.\par 
\par 
The left area of the status bar describes actions of menu items as you use the arrow keys to navigate through menus.  This area similarly shows messages that describe the actions of toolbar buttons as you depress them, before releasing them.  If after viewing the description of the toolbar button command you wish not to execute the command, then release the mouse button while the pointer is off the toolbar button.\par 
\par 
The right areas of the status bar indicate which of the following keys are latched down:\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Indicator\tab Description}\par 
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-1440\sa120\sl240\tx1440 {\plain\f80\fs20\b }{\plain\f80\fs20 CAP\tab The Caps Lock key is latched down.\par 
NUM\tab The Num Lock key is latched down.\par 
SCRL\tab The Scroll Lock key is latched down.}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page \pard\plain\s2\sl240 {\up $}{\footnote $ toolbar}
{\up #}{\footnote # AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}
{\up K}{\footnote K toolbar}
{\plain\f16\fs20 
}{\plain\f80\fs20\b Toolbar\par 
\{bml HLPTBAR.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
}{\plain\f80\fs20 The toolbar is displayed across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in SeisWide,\par 
\par 
To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the View menu (ALT, V, T).\par 
\par 
<< Add or remove toolbar buttons from the list below according to which ones your application offers. >>\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\brdrs\brdrb\sl240\tx1080 {\plain\f80\fs20 }{\plain\f80\fs20\b Click\tab To}\par 
\pard\s2\li1080\fi-1080\sl240\tx1080 {\plain\f80\fs20\b \{bmc FILENEW.BMP\}
}{\plain\f80\fs20 \tab Open a new document.\par 
\par 
\{bmc FILEOPEN.BMP\}
\tab Open an existing document.  SeisWide displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.\par 
\par 
\{bmc FILESAVE.BMP\}
\tab Save the active document or template with its current name.  If you have not named the document, SeisWide displays the Save As dialog box.\par 
\par 
\{bmc FILEPRNT.BMP\}
\tab Print the active document.\par 
\par 
\{bmc EDITCUT.BMP\}
\tab Remove selected data from the document and stores it on the clipboard.\par 
\par 
\{bmc EDITCOPY.BMP\}
\tab Copy the selection to the clipboard.\par 
\par 
\{bmc EDITPAST.BMP\}
\tab Insert the contents of the clipboard at the insertion point.\par 
\par 
\{bmc EDITUNDO.BMP\}
\tab Reverse the last editing.  Note:  You cannot undo some actions.\par 
\par 
}\par 
\pard\s2\sl240 {\plain\f80\fs20 }\page }